---
tags:
summary: 
---

# Known Issues 

This list contains known issues currently being investigated. You can use it to see if an issue affecting you is already known and decide when to upgrade. If you experience an issue not already included here, please reach out through [Outsystems Forum](https://www.outsystems.com/forge/component-discussions/9764/Data+Grid+Reactive).

**Copy and Export to CSV and Excel of Action Column with text fixed not working**
When you have an Action Column that uses TextFixed input parameter, the value set in the input doesn't show when you copy the cell neither when the row is exported to CSV or Excel.
Status: We are currently understanding how can we implement this without affecting the data grid performance.

**Pasting a value in a Number Column when the column has Min or Max is not triggering that validation**
In a Number Column, with a Max or Min input parameter set, if the value is pasted the validation isn't working. This will cause the column to have an invalid value according to the specification.
Status: We are currently understanding how can we implement this without affecting the data grid performance.
Temporary Workaround: For Number Column with this Min or Max, do a validation in the data changed before sending to server.

**Using the SearchData block or API and the using a filter in a column that cleans all data will clear all filters**
When using the SearchData block or API to do a search in the data grid without going to server side it will show the results in grid. If, after a search, the user does a filter in a column that will remove all data, then the filters will reset and all data is shown in the grid.
Status: We are currently finding the root cause.

**When using animation class on a container around the Grid block will cause the screen to have an horizontal scroll**
When surrounding the data grid with a container that has CSS animations the screen will display an horizontal scroll.
Status: We are currently finding the root cause.

**OnInitialize event issue when using autogenerated columns and using JS with provider.columns.**
When using the OnInitialize event issue in an autogenerated columns has an error on the second load if you have any JS block that uses the variable provider.columns.
Status: We are are still determining if this is a situation that could be common, For now it is considered an edge case.
